Hey, Brian.
Hey.
Let's kick this off.
Hello, everyone.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for replaying all the things.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 404, recorded October 7th, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And this episode is brought to you by Scout APM.
We will, of course, tell you more about them later.
The link is in the podcast player show notes right at the top.
Brian, I've been looking for this episode for a while,
and I just can't find it, man.
I was like, where do I go?
404.
Everywhere I go, it's 404.
What's going on?
Yeah, I don't know.
We'll find it.
It's going to be a journey.
We're going to try to get our way through it.
Speaking of a journey, you want to stay in touch with us,
hit Python Bytes.fm, click on newsletter, enter your info there.
We'll keep you up to date.
Brian will send you some show notes.
Find us on Mastodon and other social places,
and even subscribe right here on YouTube if you're watching the video.
And with that, were you able to find an item for your first item today?
Well, I almost didn't.
So, okay.
The first item, I really wanted to cover Python 3.13,
because Python 3.13 is released on October 7th,
and today is, check notes, October 7th.
So, it's today, right?
So, I went to python.org, and go, well, the latest,
it still says latest is 3.12.
So, they're working on it, Thomas Wooters and others.
It's a process to get it out, but it's really out already.
So, you just can't see it.
If you go to downloads, it still says 3.12.
I'm sure it'll be updated soon.
However, we've got the link for 3.13.0.
It's really not that complicated.
Downloads release python-3130.
And then you got it.
So, it's got a stable release of 3.13.0.
I've been playing with it this morning, and I'm having a lot of fun.
If you go down to the bottom of this link,
there's where the installers are, the pre-built installers,
if you want to grab those.
Or you can install it yourself, if you want, or build it yourself.
But I'm on a Mac right now, so I grabbed the Mac installer.
And I want to cover some of the new stuff in 3.13,
but I really wanted to play with the multi-threading stuff,
which I haven't yet.
I just wanted to make sure it was enabled.
And there's a bit of a trick.
So, if you look in, maybe it's not in here.
It's in the What's New page.
So, if you go to the What's New,
it does talk about the Python, the macOS, and Windows installers.
And there's a link somewhere in here.
But we'll include the link also.
That when you're installing it, and on a Mac, when I did it,
you go through this install process.
You have to hit customize and click the free-threaded.
Because free-threading is off by default.
So, when you install it, you have to turn it on.
So, just remember that.
And I will play with the free-threading later.
So, what do we have new in 3.13?
I think we've covered this before, but now we actually have 3.13,
so we can play with it.
We have the interactive interpreter changes,
which actually, let's back up a little bit.
This isn't even called out here.
My favorite feature of 3.13 is exit.
Oh, I guess it is here.
Direct REPL support for help exit and quit.
And thank you, thank you, thank you, whoever worked on this.
Because it used to say, oh, did you mean to exit out?
You have to type exit with the parans or quit with the parans.
And if you know what I want to do, just do it.
So, you know it does.
I can imagine somebody was like,
well, what if we have a variable named exit
and you want to see its value?
But if there's no variable to find, just quit.
I love it.
So, exit and quit now work.
I didn't know quit worked.
That's neat.
So, the other couple of things in interactive,
there's a lot of stuff in the interactive REPL
that's changed.
Multi-line editing, amazing.
So, you type in a multi-line thing
and you get the three dots, which is great.
But when you want to go and type something wrong
and you want to go change that,
now you can go back
and you can just hit the up arrow and it works.
It's great.
So, I'm really enjoying that.
There's F1 for command history.
History is, we've had history before,
but now, if you exit
and then start the REPL again,
history is still there.
It preserves all of your history
from the session.
Oh, that's nice.
Super nice for when you're debugging something,
trying it out.
And the colors are amazing.
So, they've turned on colors by default.
So, in prompts and tracebacks.
So, even just having the little prompt be in a color,
it's nice.
It helps.
So, love that.
We've also got improved error messages.
Like, before, if you named, like,
random is built in, one of the built-in things.
But if you named a module named random,
it would just mess up.
And it would, like, it would say stuff like,
you know, module random has no attribute.
But now, it says, hey,
you've already, consider renaming your own module
something else,
because you're messing up the built-in.
So, if you rename them,
if you name a module or a script,
the same thing as a built-in,
or now, as one of your installed third-party libraries,
Python will tell you that you've messed up,
which is nice.
There's other improvements, too.
Like, if you misspell a keyword argument,
it will suggest that maybe you had the correct spelling.
It will suggest that.
That's pretty cool.
And then, of course, there's lots of changes in 3.13.
But the REPL, I'm excited about.
I'm also excited about the error messages
and free-threaded Python.
So, there's a lot of other stuff, too.
So, check out the What's New.
But I really am looking forward to playing with the free-threading.
Yeah, this is amazing.
I'm really excited to see this here.
I actually can't believe that free-threaded Python is a thing.
I know.
It's like...
It's been so long.
The journey's been so long.
I mean, I was walking this morning,
and I saw a pig flying through the sky.
It had imported free-threaded Python,
rather than imported anti-gravity.
That's what it did.
Yes, yeah.
So, I know that a lot of people have worked a lot,
long and hard, to make that work.
So, I'm looking forward to it.
Now, free-threading is still officially experimental.
So, I don't know what that means,
if they're going to take it back from...
Please don't take it away from us.
But we'll see.
Yeah, the original PEP that got it accepted,
703 or something like that,
said,
we are allowing this in,
but if it causes too much trouble,
we're taking it back out,
which I've never seen in a PEP.
Maybe it's happened before,
but we approve it,
but we might unapprove it.
We might unapprove it.
We'll turn this car around.
If you keep fighting,
we'll turn it around.
Yeah.
That's right.
Don't make me turn this car...
Don't make me pull over.
Speaking of pulling over,
this was supposed to be out a week ago, Brian.
Yeah.
And apparently,
it was pushed back
due to performance issues
or some kind of issue
with the incremental GC.
Right.
And I'll put the Python,
the discuss.python.org link
in my extras,
but I won't.
I'm not going to cover it separately,
because I kind of feel relevant.
Things are out now.
But yeah,
very cool.
All right.
Well, what do you got for us next,
Michael?
Well,
let's stick with some core language topics
and stuff like that.
So I want to talk about
PyPI bandwidth
and PEP 759 external wheel hosting.
So right now,
when you pip install,
UV pip install,
whatever,
you go to get something,
and you,
you as a publisher of a package like Flask,
you send that to pypia.org,
maybe as a wheel,
maybe as a multi-platform variations of different wheels,
if it's got to compile differently or something,
and then people pip install that,
and it downloads from there.
That results in an insane amount of traffic.
I actually want to talk a little bit more about that later in general.
But it's an insane amount of traffic,
over 66 petabytes a month,
which is six-figure level of bandwidth costs.
And luckily,
and luckily,
Fastly,
the CDN company,
is basically donating all that bandwidth
at reasonably high expense for them,
probably not the same as retail,
but whatever wholesale that is in bandwidth,
I'm sure it's still a lot.
And they announced a five-year plan
or five-year commitment to the PSF to do that at PyCon.
All right,
they're on the big keynote stage.
That was nice.
Thank you,
Fastly.
However,
there's still problems with this,
even though they're covering it.
What if Fastly changes their mind eventually?
But more importantly,
there's hard limits on how large
your project's overall usage
on PyPI.org can be.
I think it's no individual package
can be bigger than 100 megs,
and you can't have 10 gigs total
across all platforms,
across all releases.
Things like that, right?
You can't apply for exceptions,
but it's not great.
What if you could just say,
here's my wheel,
but when you actually download it,
download it from over there.
Download it off of Microsoft.com
if it's a Microsoft package,
or download it off of,
you know,
explosion.ai
if it's some sort of spacey package.
Those things have to be quite large.
A lot of their models that you pip install.
I think they have to get an exception
to be even uploaded
in the first place.
All right,
so that's what this is about.
It's by Barry Warsaw.
Ethan Smith,
delegate is Donald Stuffed,
who is a person
largely behind the rewrite
of PyPI.org.
So here's the deal.
Brian,
if you had a wheel,
which is the metadata
about a package,
and all of the wheel,
and all of its binary details
and its source code
and all that,
and you ripped off
a lot of the wheel stuff,
like the binary bits,
what would you be left with?
I don't know.
a rim.
A wheel,
rim,
you know?
Oh.
So this PEP defines,
this PEP literally defines
a new package format
called a rim file,
and the rim file
is basically the wheel
without the binary.
Instead,
it's got a URL
to where the binary lives
and a checksum
of the binary,
which may already be there anyway,
but it's,
it's left in the rim file,
if not added to it.
Okay.
Interesting.
So basically,
you upload just the metadata
if you want to participate in this,
and then you point somewhere else.
And there's a lot of motivation,
things they tried,
things that didn't work,
limits.
You can see in this pep,
they list the limits
that I talked about.
And all the details,
but most importantly,
there's a security section
way down here.
I was worried about that.
So, yeah.
Yes.
Here.
As well as stability constraints.
So for example,
the wheel checksum
must be included in rim files.
Once it's uploaded,
just like current wheels,
it can't change.
Yeah.
So here's my metadata.
That's where the thing lives.
Here's the hash of it.
So it can't be tampered with.
It must be served over HTTPS.
Okay.
And you're only allowed to do this
if you get pre-approved
by the PyPI admin.
So it's not just
all sorts of chaos.
People just upload
and stuff everywhere.
All right.
But a lot of consideration
about like malware
and things like that.
And also a bunch of stuff
about stability.
Like the external wheels
must be hosted over SSL.
And not just that,
but it actually must be signed
by Mozilla's root certificate store,
which is interesting.
And they have,
they should use CDNs.
They must be stable,
et cetera.
What do you think?
So who would do this?
I mean,
because then the person
with the package doing this
would,
they'd have to pay
the hosting fees.
Or get it on GitHub
and point to it as a raw
or something,
you know?
Oh, yeah.
Something like that.
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
Or if you're a big company
and you want to ship
ML models
and you'd rather have
more control over that
and how it works,
right?
You could set that.
I don't think
small individuals
are going to be like,
hey,
I'd love to cover
a terabyte of bandwidth
charges a month
for no reason.
Yeah, right.
Well,
also,
like you said,
it's somebody
that's got a,
it's going to be
a large one.
You're not going to do this
for just a little
Python-only package.
Yeah, exactly.
It's very unlikely.
Right.
So,
they said this is only
about hosting
the binary downloads,
not packages,
package indexes,
package listings,
none of that stuff
because that's already
supported through
having just
a separate private
white label,
you run it yourself,
PyPI,
Mirror,
something like that,
right?
Yeah,
I think this is cool.
actually.
Neat.
Yeah,
flexibility is good.
I think it's,
I think it's all right.
So,
anyway,
very cool.
That's,
that's what I wanted
to cover.
And before we move on,
how about a quick
shout out to our sponsor?
Yep.
Let me tell you
real quick
about
Scout APM.
They're big supporters
of Python Bytes,
so we appreciate
that very much.
so if you are
tired of spending
hours trying
to find the root
cause of issues
impacting your performance,
then you owe it to yourself
to check out
Scout APM.
They're a leading
Python application
performance monitoring
tool,
APM,
that helps you identify
and solve performance
abnormalities
faster and easier.
Scout APM
ties bottlenecks
such as memory leaks,
slow database queries,
background jobs,
and the dreaded
N plus one queries
that you can end up
if you do lazy loading
in your ORM
and then you say,
oh no,
why is it so slow?
Why are you doing
200 database queries
for what should be one?
So you can find out
things like that.
And it links it back
directly to source code
so you can spend
less time in the debugger
and healing logs
and just finding the problems
and moving on.
And you'll love it
because it's built
for developers
by developers.
It makes it easy
to get set up.
Seriously,
you can do it
in less than four minutes,
so that's awesome.
And the best part
is the pricing
is straightforward.
You only pay
for the data
that you use
with no hidden
overage fees
or per seat pricing.
And I just learned
this, Brian,
they also have,
they provide
the pro version
for free
to all open source projects.
So if you're
an open source maintainer
and you want to
have Scout APM
for that project,
just shoot them a message
or something
on their pricing page
about that.
So you can start
your free trial
and get instant insights
today.
visit pythonbytes.fm
slash Scout.
The link is in your
podcast player show notes
as well.
And please use that link.
Don't just search for them
because otherwise
they don't think
you came from us.
And then they'd stop
supporting the show.
So please use our link,
pythonbytes.fm
slash Scout.
Check them out.
It really supports
the show.
Yes, it does.
It does.
All right.
How about
the next one for you?
I feel like
just give people
a little heads up.
We've got some
that's a pie test
coming up here.
What do we got?
Well,
if you didn't know it,
Python 313 is out.
So we already
covered this.
However,
what is it's got
the free threading
thing going on?
How do you know
if your project
supports it?
So that's the question
that Anthony Shaw
and others at,
where was this at again?
Was that
PyCon JP?
I think that's
PyCon Japan.
Is that right?
I think so.
Okay.
So it was one
of their sprints.
Looks like
seven or eight people,
Anthony,
Mike,
a bunch of people
worked on this.
And the idea
is that
you'd like to be
able to test
that your project
and your code
works on the
free threaded.
Right?
So if you're
like to
especially
support libraries
and packages.
So what,
how do you do that?
And one of the
thoughts was to
just test,
just,
you just run it,
but it in
with a,
the free threading
turned on,
but pytest normally
runs in single thread
mode by default.
So how about
XDest?
Cause that's
multi-processing,
right?
Yes,
it's multi-processing.
It's not
multi-threading.
So
Anthony and
others made
this plugin.
It's pipe.
It's called
pytest dash
free threaded
and a link
in the show
notes,
of course,
but they made
the plugin
to be able
to run,
run the tests
in a thread
pool with
the guild
disabled and
help identify
that your
tests are
thread safe.
So,
you know,
as long as
your tests
possibly are
testing your
code in
such a way
to test
that,
great,
but at least
your tests
will be
free thread
thread safe
compatible.
Anyway,
they,
they tested
the first
library
that was
marked as
compatible
with free
threading.
I don't know
how to do
that.
So I guess
that's a
to-do item
to look
that up.
I think
it might
go in
the
classifiers
of the
package
metadata.
I'm not
sure.
Oh,
okay.
All right.
Well,
we'll take a
look at that.
Anyway,
they tested
one and it
caused a
seg fault
in CPython.
So not
really compatible
if you're
seg faulting.
So I
haven't tried
this out yet,
but I'm
going to try
it on a
few projects
anyway.
So Python
free threaded
will help
test for
this.
Well,
I think
this is
awesome.
And some
people might
perceive this
like, oh,
it just
means a
performance
boost.
But if
you're
writing
code
that's
meant
to be
supported
for
free
threaded
Python,
you should
test it
in that
style as
well,
not just
in some
limited way,
right?
Yeah.
And also
just,
even if
your tests
pass,
I think
it would
make sense
to look
at the
different parts
of your
library to
make sure
that it
really makes
sense that
it's really
that your
tests are
actually testing
your library
in such a
way that
you have
fairly good
confidence.
But, you
know,
mileage may
vary.
But this is a
good step in the
right direction,
so thanks to
Anthony and
others for doing
this.
Yeah, it's
awesome.
Speaking of
Anthony, I was
not going to
point this out,
but now that you
mentioned it,
just published an
episode on
Talk Python with
him,
designing
effective load
tests for your
Python app.
Nice.
Yeah, that's a
really fun one,
so people can
check that out.
But what I'm
actually talking
about for this
section is
more pytests.
Brian, how did
you not get
this one?
pytest edit.
Do you know
this?
No.
Okay, so here's
the deal.
You're on the
terminal CLI
sitting there
running something,
and you run
into an
error and
you're like,
ah, my test
crashed, or my
test failed, rather.
I just want to
see what's up.
So one way to
do that is to
see what test
failed, go open
your editor, find
your project, load
it up, search
around until you
find it, or the
other way is to
install pytest
dash edit from
Mr. Minnow, that's
the GitHub name, and
then just type
pytest dash dash
dash edit, and
it'll open a
pre-configured
editor to the line of
the failing test.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, so you
can say pytest
edit, and it'll
show you the
last one, or you
can say some
index, so for
example, you can
say edit equals
two, and it'll
open the third
failing test, because
of course, it's
zero-based, or
negative two will
open the second
to last one, so
you can kind of
hone in on it
with this number
here, and then
you just set up
your editor.
If you don't
set it up, you
get VI or
Vim or even
Windows.
On Windows, you
get Notepad, so
I recommend
picking a
better editor.
But anyway, you
just set an
environment variable
to what you want
your editor to
be, and I got a
ton of extras to
cover, so I don't
want to go too
deep on this one,
but there it is.
Neat.
Speaking of
extras, what do
you got for us?
Any?
I've got zero
extras this week.
Good, I must have
stolen them all.
Look at my tabs.
All right, well,
let's just jump
into the extras
then.
Extra, extra.
So I got a
bunch here, but
they're all pretty
quick.
Last week, you
spoke about
Jade, D-J-A-D-E,
for formatting
Django templates,
right?
Kind of like
black or rough,
but instead of
being for Python,
it's for Django
templates and HTML
and so on, which is
awesome.
So I'm linking
to something from
Adam Chains, Django
pre-commit hook, or
sorry, Jade pre-commit
hook.
So if you want this
to just happen
automatically, there
you go.
Super easy, right?
Cool.
Yes.
This one is really
fun.
Remember I talked
about polyfill,
polyfill.js, and
somebody took over
the domain.
I don't remember
it was, I think it
was sold even, but
if it wasn't sold,
it was taken over
because it lapsed or
whatever.
However, it got
into some nefarious
hands, and they
took over polyfill.io,
bootcdn, bootcss,
static file, and
they had basically
rewritten a whole
bunch of CDN-served
JavaScript to
hundreds of
thousands of
websites with
malware that would
then go on to the
visitors of those
websites.
It's bad.
The only reason I'm
bringing this in as a
quick follow-up is
they figured out
all those CDNs,
all those different
domains, and all of
these problems were
linked to a single
person.
How do they know?
that person had
published.
They accidentally
published their
Cloudflare secret
keys.
That's awesome.
And so then the
security researchers
will, you know,
they basically logged
into Cloudflare and
just looked at their
cloud setup, which,
anyway, I think this
is awesome.
Yeah.
funny thing out in the
audience.
We'll share that in a
second.
All right.
This one is also really
cool.
Over at pythonbytes.fm,
created that site seven
years ago.
How long have we been
this?
Eight years?
Well, when I created it,
I created it with
Bootstrap, okay?
Because Bootstrap was
probably the nicest way
at that time to get a
good-looking site that's
consistent, responsive,
all those things up in
Atom, right?
Well, if you look at
the Bootstrap CSS file,
it's about 140 kilobytes,
which is a lot to just
be serving as one of
your static resources on
every web request,
right?
But it's pretty gnarly.
You don't want to mess
with it, right?
Like, what are you using?
I don't know.
And what's the knock-on
effect?
So I ran across this
thing called Purge CSS,
which is a Node.js CLI
tool, but it doesn't
really matter how it's
implemented, right?
It's just a CLI tool.
And you can run this
thing against your CSS
file, and you can say,
hey, this CSS file, I
would like you to look at
all the styles that I'm
using, look at the CSS
file, and if there's any
styles in there I'm not
using, take them out of
the CSS file.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
So, and it doesn't have
to work on just HTML.
I pointed at chameleon
templates, or it could be
Jinja templates, or we just
talked about Django
templates.
you just give it a, like a
star, star, slash, star,
whatever your template
extension is, like .j, or if
it was Jinja, or whatever.
And then it'll go through and
look at all of those that are
being used, and then it'll rip
them out, rip out all the
stuff that wasn't.
So now, for example, if you go
to Python bytes.org, and you click
on the CSS file, it's like 20k,
25k, something like that.
So it's six, seven times smaller,
and all I had to do is run a
command line thing against it.
So maybe you're not using enough
bootstrap.
I feel like I'm, that's still 20kb of bootstrap.
That's a lot of bootstrap.
I love your attitude, but there we go.
Last week, on the first go-round of 3.13 release,
there's also Python 3.12.7 released.
Just so you know, if you're not ready
for 3.13, there's also a new version
of 3.12.
I want to give a quick shout-out to a video
by Hynek.
It says, uv is the future of Python
packaging.
Snake box emojis.
Anyway, this is a really good video.
Hynek is getting his YouTube game on
quite well, and he's fun to watch,
so check that out.
I'll link to that as well.
And, no, I still got some more.
Just tabs bumping around.
Chris, over on Faucet On, pointed out,
hey, love all this uv talk,
grouping these together on 403
and others and so on.
It's interesting to be seeing it show up
just broadly now, and things like
Home Assistant is now using it
to reduce download and setup times.
Oh, yeah, cool.
Yeah, kind of cool.
Over here.
Brian, do you think people are getting
tired of LLMs and hearing about AI tools?
Yes.
I feel like there's a lot of AI fatigue out there.
I'm like, ah, but is that just me
projecting this onto people,
or is this real?
So I posted on Faucet On and on Twitter,
said, hey, just thinking about topics,
how do you guys feel about LLM topics
and spending time talking about them?
Only 4% said, more LLMs, please.
22% said, ah, they're fine.
38% said, I've had enough.
And 36% fully said, if you say AI one more time,
I will pile drive you.
Oh, well, you just said it like four times.
Oh, no.
It's going to hurt so much, but I had to say it.
But that's 74% of people saying,
oh, man, I've had enough.
Yeah.
So anyway, just...
One of the things that would have been funny
is if you'd added,
do you want us to start talking about blockchain again instead?
Oh, my gosh, yes.
That would definitely do it.
All right.
A couple real quick ones here.
JetBrains and the PSF have now released,
opened up the Python developer survey 2024.
So check that out.
I'll link to how you can go and take it.
But yeah, everyone participate.
This is super important.
We really value all the information that we get in the spring
or whenever we get the answers,
the responses in the write-up.
But it's time to submit your notes.
Okay.
A couple real quick things.
I added a really cool way to explore courses over at Talk Python.
So there's a big tag cloud up at the top here.
And we're going to get all the courses.
But now if you just click around,
like if you want to find stuff about test,
I just click on testing.
And it'll show your test course.
And this thing is super neat.
This is all implemented with HTMX.
All dynamic.
No page refreshes, but no JavaScript.
I love it.
Cool.
Anyway, people can check that out.
And very last extra, extra, extra,
I wrote an article that says,
let's go easy on PyPI, okay?
And I got some nice feedback from people on Updated.
But basically, it talks about a bunch of different steps
that you can take to not keep that number
at 66 petabytes a month.
I don't know how you feel about it.
I don't know how you feel, but my assessment is fully 75% or more of that
has to be Docker builds, continuous integration, all that crap.
It just has to be so over the top, just like machines talking to machines,
like, hey, here's a requirements file with 200 things in it.
We're going to build a Docker container on it.
So let's start with this base one, like the Python one,
or whichever one.
It doesn't really matter.
And just build from it.
And every single time you want any kind of code change published or tested,
it's going to download all 200 over and over, right?
Yeah, and then you're testing it against multiple versions of Python,
so it downloads it that many more times.
That's a really good point, yeah.
So this article talks you through different steps you can take
to cache it over and over faster and faster.
So basically, unless a requirement changes,
it will not ever, ever touch PyPI.org, ever.
So it starts out just saying, oh, yeah,
you just pip install your requirements.
What's wrong with that?
Every code change causes a download.
And then maybe you could run the requirements,
copy just the requirements file over and run it first and then do it.
That way, only if a requirement changes does it get them all.
And then you could pre-list some of your top-level requirements.
That would cache it in the Docker image.
And then after a lot of conversations with a lot of people,
there's this mount command that you can say for cache on a per-command basis.
And this will cache the output to somewhere on the machine
that does the building of the Docker container.
So it'll cache either the uv or the pip cache.
So that way, if you get it again, it'll just go using cache version,
even if it's a completely fresh image, long as the machine has seen that download before,
that dependency.
And then finally, if you're on probably one of the biggest offenders in the sense of CI on GitHub,
over at GitHub, they actually have this thing called, maybe you know it,
this thing called a cache action or actions slash cache.
And you can set up a cache for your CI so that subsequent CI builds don't download and install it again as well.
This will not just make it lighter on PyPI, but also every one of these things makes it faster for you.
So it's like incentives are aligned, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
It's almost too bad that like GitHub itself can't notice that like multiple packages
or multiple builds from different projects are using the same version of something and caches.
Right.
Just have a universal pip cache or something like that.
One of my questions is, and I don't know if you know the answer to this,
is the, I know that uv does a lot of caching.
Will just using uv help with reducing hitting IPI?
That's an interesting question.
I don't know if it'll make it less traffic.
It'll definitely make it faster.
There's no doubt about that.
But it might be the same traffic.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Cool.
All right.
Henry says, setup-uv has a cache option.
Excellent.
That's awesome to hear.
All right.
And then Jay Miller dropped in to say that he assumed he wouldn't be able to find this episode.
But like us, he eventually found his way.
And also, Tony out in the audience says, I was literally working on caching in CI while listening.
UV does support caching in CI too.
Yeah.
And by the way, if you're checking out these notes on the GitHub CI stuff, down here for the pip example,
somewhere, pip, are you here?
If you just say this pass of .cache slash pip, if you just change that to .cache slash UV,
I'm pretty sure everything else will just flow from there.
Awesome.
Nice.
Indeed.
All right.
You ready for a joke?
Well, I was hoping you didn't have lost the joke.
Let's see if I can find it.
Let's see what I can find.
All right.
So, you know, when you go to a page that's bad, like if you go to Python bytes slash blah, blah, blah,
and it's not there, should it just say 404?
No.
You should have something amusing and interesting.
Like for us, we have a big empty microphone in a stage with nobody at the microphone.
It just says 404, try our episodes listing instead, and you can click on it and it takes you to our episodes, right?
That's all fun.
So my joke, which I think I'll just let people link to, but maybe we can find one or two just to give people a sense,
is 28 clever and funny 404 pages.
Nice.
I love this.
These are so good.
It almost makes me want to like mess up a website just to see what they've got, right?
Like one of them is for a blue path.
I don't know what that is, but there's a big map with tons of little dots of like,
here's all the distribution of where people live around the city or things happening.
It says, this is everyone else.
And then like way over somewhere else, it has a little dot.
It says, this is you way off the map.
Please go find it.
Some of them are not that great, but some of them are real good.
So anyway, if this kind of stuff amuses you, Pixar has one with a crying inside out person.
It's sad emotion.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Others are just weird.
One has a bear wearing like a gold 404 baller type.
Anyway, check it out.
Lego has a unassembled, disconnected sort of thing.
So I thought that would be pretty good for our episode 404.
People can scroll through that and enjoy it.
Yeah.
And also, I love watching, looking at these.
So if anybody has some good 404 pages that they want to share with us, head on over to
Mastodon or our show notes page and send us a link to your favorite 404.
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
Awesome.
All right, guys.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone, for listening.
Brian, thanks for being here as always.
Thanks.
See y'all later.
Bye.
Thank you.